I am trying to democrat and it has started today since that big yesterday
That the defeat of the new event-foot nail nails
That that hey yesterday yesterday little net play
I put up a play video for a while, but after that I try to study and walk around myself in various ways
I would like to present a roaming Sony machine that is a mistake 9 stages
First 8
This event has been a fish one time
A nerd with 2 p for the first 30 minutes
Well it's a mountain so it's zero as 100 100 count 100 well
In the state of level 1 that Pete of the premium character treatment first saves 8 rewards first
You can get it
A whopping this time of pt that Tteyuu gradually I it will raise that skill level
It raised the more and more I that love level but I know the spirit of the event of defeat
Every time we go up to 200200 to 200200 in 830 minutes and go up 200a again.
Mr. 8
About 400,500 it will continue to rise by another 30 After another Hey become a 304,100
Really'm unreasonable What to the minutes how
I wish you a window
To full fracture Marie-chan Toka in the round premium character Marie and the Kano that bomb
One
It is impossible to be honest without using
Marie and 5 colors of items
I think that it is impossible to vote that item that changes from 5 colors to the color chosen
I and if Kere'm bruised Iwane sk level Well's stage of
It was just morning, but from there it's a blanket that's really impossible
Wow this 30 minutes
In I wish to say bought it I'm I was And then I here elderly Strangely did not meet the deadline
It is an important important place
That next time you can use it as it is carry forward
It's just that the opponent's Khan has just recovered a little
Another 30 minutes or another is enough, and people can pan there for 30 minutes in a row
Not so maybe maybe maybe but within 830 minutes
There is an interval, yes 30 minutes of the game and then another 30 minutes after that
After another interval , put it on again
Than you will be able to that one more time that is called the planting of events
Live your heart recovery in a slice of what you live or walk a lot of hearts
Jar that for Well kill time one year people
That of friends of friends of thunder line
Well it's a thing to say so Toka to help was
Also no good this event 0 most important after all 8 bomb generation meter of 8 pre elder sister caba
Or the middle palace knight in the middle of it is recommended but it is irresistible- it is a round mark person
I think I can go a little Well also in F heat miss somehow Do with bar you got to the female bar
But this is a little
Nde is a little long time of XXX skills generated by the Marie-chan Choco Well I kinda
Maritimo will
There was no I'd come to the priority is to Misudoa
The Toka Well dump Yeah wonder if about it
Also because Tinker Bell Toka be at all a set to Dan portion and the Kaatonari
Gain music curl or newly the Henda
I'm just in front of Marie Anto or a customer
Well what kind of feeling that kind of feeling overwintering another
Period of the new event of Akin Akira has begun mushroom
8 for killing Pili at the event
Premium gain or or 8 oo bomb Kitan bomb one Kabomuwabo for rubber-generating system
Cosmicity is also a right -handed sister-in-law fever
Somewhat
It may be good to have a big hole
that
It is a decision of the worm around Marui made Marui people and that connected nail
I think I can do a lot
Just that occurrence Maleficent turns on outbreak
It's a bit long until the timing of the occurrence of the rough chute and you have to bite
Is it a little tight
Well overdo it all You know within 30 minutes that
That slowly longer there peace of mind do not quite need Tteyuu to end
I would appreciate if you can play six
There
There Nde and an important now going to do an important Nde Well fun and slowly their own pace
Kyoho if tb 8 o
Point First Hey tone of the capture of defeat Pete
Not hurry Well First of all today in less than 30 minutes game
Do not get stuck, slow down at your own pace, process quickly, faster at disposal, better at reading
But I really enjoy myself
It is ok number if it is enjoyable with personal interest rate dance
Later it is better to only have a lot of heart
In the important making play back really
It is only there anymore
More Gifu tv day cars
Yes If this video is interesting, please give a good rating to the Good Button .
Although also had a softening or rather three years and this maintained by pressing the red channel registration button tv
Please subscribe to
Yamato